well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to start off with a
story i was uh
online and i ran across a discussion on
foreign policy and started reading the
thread
about halfway down they mentioned me
and one of them was saying that the
other
was overstating how bad i believed
trump's foreign policy is let me be
clear
that's impossible there is no way to
overstate
how bad i believe trump's foreign policy
is you can't do it
i found that funny because it just
happened and it leads right into the
topic today
because it does appear that blinken
is uh the heir apparent to become the
new secretary of state
because of that there are questions the
first is he a progressive
the second what would his foreign policy
look like the third
would it be better than trump's and the
fourth is this good or bad
okay is he a progressive no absolutely
not
he's a classic liberal he's a classic
liberal
and that leads to what would his foreign
policy look like
if left to his own devices and the state
department was run
the way the state department is most
times wrong
the foreign policy would look just like
obama's
better than trump's sure sure but
um obama's foreign policy would not
fix all of the problems that trump has
caused
when it comes to foreign policy there
are issues
all over the world obama's foreign
policy would not address them
it wouldn't be enough
so that sounds like bad news and yeah
it is in a way however
that second state department that the
biden campaign built
that leads me to believe that biden is
not underestimating the challenges ahead
of him
it should be noted that blinken has been
in his orbit
one of his advisors for a very very long
time
and is said to have had a pretty big
role
in creating that second state department
which makes sense because he's a
logistics guy he's somebody who can
bring pieces together
now if the sec the state department
was run a little bit differently
if the secretary of state was a clearing
house
you know the way it normally runs the
area heads the working groups
they provide advice to the secretary of
state
who then creates options and presents
them to the president the president says
this is what we're going to do
okay if those area heads those working
groups
were to create the options because
they're the real experts
and then present them to the secretary
of state
probably with one option underlined as
saying this is what we think we should
do
and really the president and the
secretary of state be kind of final
approval
the decision was kind of already made it
would make
perfect sense to pick blanket
because he is somebody who has been in
biden's orbit
a long time can probably
quickly provide him the information
needed
because they've talked to each other
before they have a rapport
that is more in line
with uh biden's previous actions in
regards to
foreign policy it may be
that that's what the plan is because
blinken picked a lot of these people
even those who would have more
progressive policies
so that is a very realistic possibility
that would be enough to fix all of the
problems that trump
caused okay so is it good or bad
we don't know we don't know anything
that is said now is pure speculation
president trump was unprecedented the
actions of the person who follows him
are going to be unprecedented too
because he's got a big mess to clean up
we can't guess there are things in
blankets past
that i do not agree with he's made some
foreign policy
decisions that i do not agree with
however
if he is being brought in to serve as
the clearinghouse as the focal point the
person to bring all the pieces together
and present it to biden
with you know underlined options
he's probably a really good choice but
we don't know
we have no idea and we won't know until
biden takes office and a few months
passes
and we see how they behave until then
everything is speculation we're not
going to get a good read on it
until we see them in action anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
day